“kalo teflon makenya itu yang kayu! ya baret lah teflon mama”.
“kalo teflon makenya itu yang kayu! ya baret lah teflon mama”.
Emang semua yang berhubungan si bangst @elemenair_ apesssspictwittercom/La372sGFts.
Mengejar yang tidak bisa dikejar.
Fakkkk  capsaicin Wkwkwk yangpenting water adalah pelarut polar yang bagus-emir.
Sure Only meant that yang has faced bigger hurdlesin terms of media Bernie has too-not denying I caucused for him in 2016 Like himbut trump will savage him Yang has better chance to win in landslide-just IMO.
Vote yang He acknowledges that we will NOT beat the 15 degree mark He’s upfront and realistic Let’s save what we canbut not lie to ourselves about how that will play.
And yang surging Watch.
Yep And it happens a lot I’m a precinct captain for yang If he’s not at 15%, I’ll go candidate by candidate of those with less votes and try and bring them on board Did it for Obamaabsolutely he has a chance.
So how do you think yang feels? Bernie time was 2016 I supported him No more We need youth in office.
Apalagi yang dijadiin ost.
Joe Biden has been lying about his record on Social Security https://intercpt/2utaPDH  by @ryangrim, @lhfang.
Anabul endut ku yang clingy Meggie lelaki yang tampan, rupawan, wangi, sopan, baik hati sama semua koceng  pictwittercom/rF2tmUuYB4.
Ampe jam segini malah nonton pilem Tentang suami istri yang istrinya mutusin jadi women carrier Dan chaos.
Take me to the beach (again) Dengan warna kidung langit yang tak terlalu bagus juga tidak jadi masalah Asal ada pembicaraan masa depan yang menyenangkan, juga sapa hangat sedikit Sepertinya aku akan jadi orang paling bersyukur kala itu.
Airmata yang terbuang sia2.
Berada di jurusan yang berResiko Harus selalu siap sedia beginian Jadi tadi pas post test KAO Uji esterifikasi Make masker ga kecium, ga make masker hpir mati tadi Suer gas nya pas dihirup langsung melekit ke mata Perih banget Kaya gas air mata Seketika langsung duduk pictwittercom/CVsBB8g5uw.
Udah gila apaya Angkatan 2016 ada yang kelar pendadaran hariini Alig aliggggg Pecahsih pala saya kalo harus lulus 3 tahon 7 bulannnzz????!!!! Like pliss gila loeee woeeeyyzzz:(.
Menurut mu semenjak kita jauh apa hidupmu jauh lebih bahagia, dan mudah?? Atau sebaliknya  Apapun yang terjadi allah yang punya rencana semoga jauh lebih baik disana.
I love yangbut this one ain’t right We will have to educate him once he’s in office He’s bright He will understand.
So endorse yang He will beat trump soundly and save us all Ethics like that?.
This is why I wanted  Bernie Sanders supporters to be nice to the Yang Gang!  https://wwwbloombergcom/news/articles/2020-01-29/yang-says-supporters-may-go-to-sanders-in-iowa-caucus ….
I’m a yang captain Making a sign for caucus night that says “wanna really really beat trump? Come over HERE!” It’s my best shot, I think My precinct is ALL white-and old Gotta show them that yang will do best against trump.
Voting yang He gets it Period.
Sorry for the porn but it’s another dollar to yang so like #YANGMONEYBOMB #yangganghttps://twittercom/CRDAnalytics/status/1223316157425422336 ….
About a week ago, I decided that I would rather not vote because I couldn’t bring myself to vote for someone I don’t believe in Then, I found Andrew Yang Needless to say, My vote will be @AndrewYang #YangMoneyBomb #yanggang tl;dr: you should vote Yang.
I completely agree And it’s why I support yangI believe he can get support from ALL sides We are gonna need a landslide to fight what’s coming.
Semoga nanti surat yang kukirim bisa dapat jawaban yang sesuai dengan pertanyaannya Doakan ya us!.
pengujian tanah banyak banyak, yang dipake buat perhitungan cuma 3 parameter .
Santer apaan lo tadi:v Kibot erorr kek yang punya.
Tu mimpi mashi yang nak emo tetiba kenapa.
I get to come out and talk to the #yanggang old and new this Saturday I'll be at every @AndrewYang event around Iowa that day This is the last run before the caucus Bring some new faces with you!.
Part of his healtcare plan talks about putting pressure on drug companies to lower prices https://wwwyang2020com/policies/prescription-drug-costs/ … Unfortunatley, it would be political suicide for any democrat to explicitly criticize the trans movement so it's hard to know where candidates really stand on it.
Apalagi lu yang buatin.
Emang bener yang begini tuh harusnya dimute.
Kenapa banyak manusia yang kalau di @McDonalds sok punya meja sendiri, asyik ngerjain skripsi atau tugas kantor Laptop dan kertas di meja serasa di rumah nenek.
Ada yang pernah "De Javu".
Isn’t this the reality right now? Is yang bad for acknowledging that this is a real choice for millions at the moment? You can have your aspirational perfect culturewill never pass Yang is practical If only more were.
Shit post Why do dems gotta do this? Yang has different idea as to how to solve some problems Disagree? So take up the issue? Ugh This is why I went yang-we just short fresh ideas, our guyno need to shit on yours.
Totally agree I’m a yang voter Left all the waybut lately leaning libertarian Tired of the PC police Destroying people’s lives over a joke, a single comment Just want to focus on the real shit Glad you stayed engaged here.
Or yang:).
I don’t care what your thoughts are of Chappelles comedy-listen to him as a human Such thoughtful insights I already liked yangbut his thoughts on why he supports him would’ve swung me Can’t say enough how much I adore him.
Agree But vote yang.
Agree Though the most that I’ve met that have left trump? Voting yang or tulsi.
And yang will destroy trump in November Enjoy reality after that Will be such a refreshing change.
Elon Musk AND Chappelle?! Y’all crazy to not give Yang a serious look He’s amazing Different Will trounce trump Please research folks!! Less than a week And yang won the Iowa straw poll of the youth!.
No Vote yang.
It’s ALL I care about-get trump TF out! Voting yang But I’ll knock doors for whoever lands it.
Hearing a lot of folks answer this way here in Iowa I’ve got my candidate-yang-but still unsure who my second is.
Tidur yang paling nikmat adalah tidur yang ketiduran.
I’m voting for yangbut have been struggling to choose a second place Hearing this from a lot of folks hererace is still very very fluid.
Habis dimarahin sama mamang bengkel Panik Pengen dicolok make kunci pas tadi Ternyataa setelah tanya2 bukan gue doang yang oernah bermasalah dengan babang bengkel itu Wkwkwk.
Trump will destroy her Bernie too Vote yang To my mind, trump is terrified of someone like him He talks about bernie and warren a lotcuz he knows how/what his attacks will be Yang would utterly THROW him off.
And yang has no voting record to attack-think that’s bad? Evidence of lack of experience? Trump didn’t either-so dead end for him And what else? Trump will-at some point-go after Yangs ethnicity Which will backfire Yang would win in a landslide Please consider him, folks.
There is lots of fertile attack ground for trump against warren What does trump against yang? Help me out.
His jokes are all in fun The woke assholes need to lighten up, accept that not everyone agrees with them-BUT they agree on the basic issues Take that!! Ugh I’m a tired ass liberal Hope yang wins and we can reset.
Deservedly so Even before I was yang gang, I wanted to hear from him Fresh different ideas are critical to the survival of this nation Think harder folks Before you vote, THINK.
Gonna get yang over 15% on Monday Y’all need to check him out And realize-trump has SHIT on him What will trump attack him on? UBI is all I see right nowand Andrew can handle that.
kita punya rencana, tapi barangkali ketika itu gagal, yang di atas masih punya rencana yang lebih baik.
It is pretty funny to see yang out poll dem establishment losers.
It is pretty funny to see yang out poll dem establishment losers.
Do you actually believe yang will get a single delegate.
@ZachandMattShow anyone have a way to contact a yang organizer here in Iowa? Need some info about university students and how they caucus.
Cara tertawa seseorang adalah hal paling khas yang setiap manusia punya Iya Ketawamu lucu Gatau Tiba-tiba inget aja gitu heeee,,,,,,,,,,,,.
Nah! Jam jam jahat yang malah kasih banyak pencerahan.
Satu lagi mi Apa mau mendengarkan kaum kami yang kerjaannya mengeluh terus tanpa menghakimi?.
I’m encouraging all #yanggang caucus goers to film and/or photograph the process to avoid any sort of shenanigans that could alter your results I am so proud to represent @AndrewYang and all of you as a precinct captain here in Iowa tomorrow #YangWillWin #YangLovesIowa.
ada yang tau tempat beli komik/manga langka?.
Sama halnya dengan yang suka nulis Puisinya hanya bercerita tentang dia dan dia lagi.
We will show em!! By voting yang:).
@nytimes why did you leave yang out of a recent article about the next debate? You won’t after Monday.
Watch for yang Im seeing a lot of young support, alot of young black supportreally think there’s gonna be a surge Fingers crossed He can beat trump like a drum Truly,.
The DNC is pissed They’re losing control Why? Cuz podcast, the internet, etc The MSM can’t control the narrative Freaking out And I’m a lifelong liberal and dem But this shit is looking more and more obvious Vote yang, y’all Take back freedom.
Example? What alt right supports him? And some loonies support bernie, Warrenso? Truly respectfully would like any examples of alt right folks supporting yang And ya know they all vote too? Wouldn’t it be better to have them vote dem? Sincere questions, not snark!.
No conspiracy But I do think they’re underestimating folks like yang and tulsi-cuz they both have a lot of never voted folks We will see Hope y’all are shocked to shit.
Vote yang Take trump down so badly that there is NO contest.
I don’t give a shit what the DNC says-they are tryin to control the results And Bloomberg has given them a shit ton of money I’m a lifelong Lib-but I ain’t dumb Shits  gotta end  Gonna start with yang shocking them all on Monday.
Yang is gonna shock the shit outta y’all come Monday I’m feeling more and more confident Meeting SO many surprise fans voters And many nerve have voted sorts Apolitical, hate politicians typesand they want yang.
Cuz he’s a great human He can beat trump SOUNDLY Biden can’t Bernie can’t Warrenmaybe Let’s not trust it Vote yang!!.
I was called today They asked about yang I told them he’s my number one Maybe it every poll, but the one I got today did.
bahagia itu kita yang buat.
Which dem candidate doesn’t want to be aggressive with climate change? I know yang does.
He will LOSE to trump Labeled socialist, states millions True? Doesn’t matter Vote yang if you care about removing trump first and foremost I’m only saying what will happen Happened in 2016 Don’t repeat it Dear god, please.
Of course he’s not Bernie will lose to trump So will Biden Vote yangplease.
I love bernie But I truly hope he does t win this Trump will beat him Consider yang, folks He’s got support from all quarters.
Please read this McFaul is no anti sanders, anti liberal sort He’s pragmatic As am I Please please see what you would ring in Consider yang Please He will he much more able to fend off trump  And can pull together all the disparate parts of this nation https://twittercom/McFaul/status/1222936259921760256 ….
They will now The paradigm has shifted Really We gotta be prepared for everyone to show up Vote yang?:).
Also; Nate, could you speak to how much is the error of margin for a candidate like yang that is getting slot of never before voted folks?.
i bet that was fun to hear! i've hosted a yang volunteer from CA and another from FL it's pretty easy to tell Iowans from non-Iowans.
sebenarnya saya suka banget sama pouch yang mrt dan gantungan kunci yang kucing, soalnya kucing nya mirip kucing saya:> dan pouch mrt nya estetik parah si.
This is why #cancelculture needs to stop   I mean not to make everything political, but Andrew Yang agrees with me http://yang2020com https://twittercom/eugenegu/status/1223740834824237058 ….
Won’t consider yang? Can I ask why? Writing my speech and trying to understand more voters.
Truebut worth mentioning that yang has a LOT of non voters, folks who have never voted or donated Apolitical types Not due to yang saying to stay home At all He will back another if he loses.
Cool So can I send you my oneminite speech for yang for Monday?:) Still deciding what are best points to hit for the cross section of folks in my precinct.
And bernie is no longer my second place choice because of this shit I’m yang, but now going to Klobuchar is he doesn’t hit viability.
Weird Didn’t know yang dropped out.
Respectfully, yang has talked a lot about people centered capitalism-acknowledges the good it has done-while also saying we need to push it towards working for people not profits Of course no one is gonna fix it all, but 12K/mo goes back into communities economies.
Tobat dadi pelari aku meminimalisir terjadinya kematianku yang lebih cepat.
Mau Cerita Jadi hari ini Eh udah lewat ding harinya Intinya beberapa jam yang lalu Saya menonton Senang2 Fest di Gor padjajaran Saya dateng dengan tiket giveaway wkwkwk Dan acaranya tuh rame banget GS nya juga banyak pictwittercom/zYTexkrOmu.
Yaudah kita samain lagi aja frekuensi nya Sebenernya Gaada yang namanya beda frekuensi Cuma periode nya aja lagi ga bagus.
Baru sadar cuman di bandung yang punya mesjid ganteng pictwittercom/Es4lbGTFMy.
Crazy ass numbers I love yangbut to claim ANY candidate either side would get 60% plus?! No fucking way.
We welcome you with open arms Let’s get yang in the top three in Iowa!.
Hmm,money? The DNC wants Bloomberg money That’s all this isoh, and keeping control of who gets to be the nominee Don’t fool yourselves-no one wins without their consent March on DC And vote yang.
We can NOT continue ruling by fiat!! No Someone needs to bring the rule of law back Unite the country somewhat Bernie is just gonna issue EOs?? To be overturned in four years? Rile up the opposition? No Vote yang He can bring us back.
And yang? His amazing electability?.
Agreed So I’ll choose yang.
Apa yang terjadi bila #nabiyusuf turun ke bumi ???? Walaupun perawatan glowang glowing ribuan kali pasti kalah ama cahaya yang bersinar di wajahnya.
It is sadly true I’m a lifelong dem But this? THIS?! Fuck this They want control and money, not to represent dem voters Bloomberg has too much cash for the them to say no Obvious I hope yang runs third party-which I was against a day ago No more.
I’m SO over the DNC They lost me for good with this I hope yang runs third party if need beand I was against that idea wholeheartedly Until now They are showing us that their power, control is all they care about-NOT what voters want Fuck that Fear it down.
She’s not wrong But now isn’t the time Feel like this is working for the DNC to maintain control I’m deeply suspicious Vote yang, y’all.
Yang would beat trump far more than any other candidate It’s a huge part of why I’m yang gang Bernie? He will be “socialist” Warren? “Pocahontas” Biden? Simply far too old and “low energy” I hate to use his words, but it’s true Picture them side by side-trump will win.
Hope you’ll consider yang He will oust truml bigly:).
I’m yang But my second choice was bernie It’s now warren.
Great piece And written like yang himself wrote it He’s not selling himself as the perfect antidotejust a more logical and realistic choice Hope y’all give him a look.
I’m leaving the dem After this caucus night @TomPerez you just lost me on your team You just admitted that billionaires can but the DNC Vile Unfair Vote yang guys Show these assholes that we won’t be silenced.
Love yang Iffy on you, but I’ll listen anyway:).
@RashidaTlaib leading a booing of Hillary? I’m yangbut bernie jusy lost my second choice Clinton deserves respect Pick apart her policies, but this is disgusting Well done, you cost bernie a vote.
I’m yang gangbut agree with this Quite sure if he wins, this will change Why? He’s open to being wrong, to learning from folks in the know Yang will beat trump far more than any other Pleae vote.
Support yang!! He has by far the best chance to beat trump badly I love a lot of the candidatesbut stop voting for everything you want-trump has to go, first and foremost Best chance to beat him is @AndrewYang .
Bener2 dah Februari gue diawali dengan mimpi yang menakjubkan Salam hangat Feb.
Mimpi ketemu kunto aji terus gue minta foto Terus mas kun bilang "kayanya ada yang kurang deh" Dia ambil kacamata lagi Terus dipakein ke gue Anjay jadi sama gayanya kita Pertanda apakah ini? Apakah saya akan jadi Musisi? .
It’s the DNC working for the DNC, not the people Fucked up I’m pissed And this also means if yang doesn’t get a delegate at least from here, he gets pushed out I’m gonna fight like hell Monday in my precinct.
