You missed the walk back: https://wwwcnncom/2017/11/05/politics/donna-brazile-primary-rigged/indexhtml …  Short summery: Brazile lied, and Warren jumped on the 'rigged' bandwagon without even thinking about it or trying to understand anything  They were both wrong, provably, and both walked back their comments  Wake up to reality.
This current breakdown of projected delegates somewhat reminds me of what the results were in the 2017 Democratic primary for Philadelphia District Attorney Krasner, like Sanders, was the most progressive candidate in the race https://twittercom/NateSilver538/status/1229916120469118978 …pictwittercom/hChtlKgKdJ.
Do some more research, Biden's plan is actually more expensive than Medicare4all I'm 38, been on Medicare for 10 yrs & don't want anything to do with private health insurance as primary coverage cuz I can go to any dr   I choose & Medicare won't abandon me when I need it most.
Here are a few additional Black endorsements that can assist you in the next primary Jerome Adams Ben Carson Diamond & Silk Candace Owens Everyone of Trump Black Pastors.
You are such a spiteful woman! What makes you think so little of Americans that you are throwing up the Russia smokescreen AGAIN? You're running a real live COMMUNIST in your presidential primary, who might WIN, and Russia wants TRUMP? Insulting our intelligence STILL!.
I'm going to Milwaukee for sure Already looking for a place to stay It's best we all plan for the trip now We'll have 5 weeks after the last primary before the convention Plenty of time to marshal the troops if we prepare early.
Joe has too much baggage I vote for the person who gets the most votes in the primary I won’t vote for anybody that cheats their way in.
Hence the name democratic primary.
Great advice Albert, critical to keepg these corporate run Govts that ppl’s right to a clean and healthy planet is not some luxuryTheir primary responsibilty is to their citizensThey betray us at their own peril Class action like Netherlands will be replicated world over.
when i went to numazu for the summer festival and i saw chocobananas out in real life, in their primary element, i got so excited and had a "oh my god they're real" moment.
Yep I have seen a bunch of California voters saying today they’re switching their vote from Warren to Biden in the California primary just to try to beat Sanders such a bummer-she’s a much better candidate! (Than both of them).
The longer this primary is, the more I want a day time talkshow for Andrew Yang.
Day 1 done at our multi-sports and fitness camp at Leigh north street primary school  we still have spaces for tomorrow, either email or tune up #kidsfitness #fitnessforkids #leighonsea #leighonsealife #kidshealth #halfterm #fun #kids #essex #spectrainingschoolspictwittercom/m1aeOIBV0q.
Day 1 done at our multi-sports and fitness camp at Leigh north street primary school  we still have spaces for tomorrow, either email or tune up #kidsfitness #fitnessforkids #leighonsea #leighonsealife #kidshealth #halfterm #fun #kids #essex #spectrainingschoolspictwittercom/m1aeOIBV0q.
Lol, which is it? Is he or is he not a dem? And should he be allowed to run in a democratic primary?.
Not sure how someone can’t understand how having 6 figures of student debt doesn’t disincentivize people doing primary care in underprivileged medicaid/charity heavy communities.
The international community needs to pressure China to stop trade in wild animals, shark fins, bear gall bladders, tiger bones, rhino horns are all primary used by China Millions of sharks are killed each yr just for their fins, unacceptable.
Lol, which is it? Is he or is he not a dem? And should he be allowed to run in a democratic primary?.
Not sure how someone can’t understand how having 6 figures of student debt doesn’t disincentivize people doing primary care in underprivileged medicaid/charity heavy communities.
The international community needs to pressure China to stop trade in wild animals, shark fins, bear gall bladders, tiger bones, rhino horns are all primary used by China Millions of sharks are killed each yr just for their fins, unacceptable.
