Hence the name democratic primary.
Great advice Albert, critical to keepg these corporate run Govts that ppl’s right to a clean and healthy planet is not some luxuryTheir primary responsibilty is to their citizensThey betray us at their own peril Class action like Netherlands will be replicated world over.
It's a primary-- go with your heart!.
Hence the name democratic primary.
Great advice Albert, critical to keepg these corporate run Govts that ppl’s right to a clean and healthy planet is not some luxuryTheir primary responsibilty is to their citizensThey betray us at their own peril Class action like Netherlands will be replicated world over.
It's a primary-- go with your heart!.
Also, will the exit polling be wildly off from the unobservable computer count such as was the case in Massachusetts, California and even Texas? Time to bring in OAS or the UN to monitor these sham primary elections.
Whereas I call this choice of election eve National TV media placement by #Bernie’s campaign a Bad Choice: “Mr Sanders made his final pitch to Michigan voters on Fox News Monday night, hardly the go-to news source for Democratic primary voters”  https://wwwnytimescom/2020/03/10/us/politics/bernie-sanders-michigan-2020html ….
Lol, which is it? Is he or is he not a dem? And should he be allowed to run in a democratic primary?.
Not sure how someone can’t understand how having 6 figures of student debt doesn’t disincentivize people doing primary care in underprivileged medicaid/charity heavy communities.
The international community needs to pressure China to stop trade in wild animals, shark fins, bear gall bladders, tiger bones, rhino horns are all primary used by China Millions of sharks are killed each yr just for their fins, unacceptable.
Joe has too much baggage I vote for the person who gets the most votes in the primary I won’t vote for anybody that cheats their way in.
It’s a messaging language issue -  The policies are the mainstream / center  a return to new deal FDR roots -can win centrists & independents  It’s Still out there -   @amyeve: An interesting look at the Sanders primary run that seems pretty even-handed https://twittercom/DavidCornDC/status/1235318149282701313 …”.
You all keep saying stuff like that even though the FACTS are that MORE Bernie voters voted for Hillary than Hillary voters voted for Obama And you NEVER consider that many, many Bernie voters are IND and joined Dem party (where they had to) for the primary VBNH wont work.
Based on the Presidential address today, call your primary-care doctor to set the process in motion for you to be tested Post how well it’s going.
Here are a few additional Black endorsements that can assist you in the next primary Jerome Adams Ben Carson Diamond & Silk Candace Owens Everyone of Trump Black Pastors.
Yep I have seen a bunch of California voters saying today they’re switching their vote from Warren to Biden in the California primary just to try to beat Sanders such a bummer-she’s a much better candidate! (Than both of them).
The longer this primary is, the more I want a day time talkshow for Andrew Yang.
Especially since this dude won his primary election last week  How tiresome.
Especially since this dude won his primary election last week  How tiresome.
One sports day when I was in primary school, I remember winning every single sprinting race A boy cried because he’d lost and I was told I had to give him some of my badges  If that isn’t an early life lesson on how to appease a fragile male ego idk what is.
